Update the quick tutorial (#418)
ldtteam/MinecoloniesWiki: source/tutorials/tutorial.md

## Quick Walkthrough 

> Before you get started on your new colony, you should find your perfect location. You need a large enough area for a full city - at least 8x8 chunks, and decently flat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you get started on your new colony, you should find your perfect location. You need a large enough area for a full city-at least 8x8 chunks, and decently flat.
```

> You should also gather as many resources as you can - wood, as well as cobble, coal, iron, flowers, string, leather, wool and some saplings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also gather as many resources as you can-wood, as well as cobble, coal, iron, flowers, string, leather, wool, saplings, and food. 
```

### Step 1: Supply Camp/Supply Ship
  

>   Once you have chosen a location for your colony, you must place a [Supply Ship](../../source/items/supplycampandship) or [Supply Camp](../../source/items/supplycampandship). You can only place one of these. The Supply Camp/Ship gives you the Town Hall block you need to officially start your colony. They also have some other supplies you may need during the building of your colony. Once you have the Town Hall block and the [building tool](../../source/items/buildingtool), the remaining camp/ship is just decoration. You can leave it if you wish or tear it down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Once you have chosen a location for your colony, you must place a [Supply Ship](../../source/items/supplycampandship) or [Supply Camp](../../source/items/supplycampandship). You can only place one of these per world. The Supply Camp/Ship gives you the Town Hall block you need to officially start your colony. They also have some other supplies you may need during the building of your colony. Once you have the Town Hall block and the [building tool](../../source/items/buildingtool), the remaining camp/ship is just decoration. You can leave it or tear it down.
```

  
### Step 2: Town Hall
  

>   The [Town Hall](../../source/buildings/townhall) block is what actually creates the colony, and functions as the center of it. This is where you start using the building tool to place buildings. Using the building tool ensures you can see exactly where the building will be, which direction it will face, and if it is at the right y level (some buildings need to be raised to the correct y level).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The [Town Hall](../../source/buildings/townhall) block is what actually creates the colony. It also functions as the center of it. This is where you start using the building tool to place buildings. Using the building tool ensures you can see exactly where the building will be, which direction it will face, and if it is at the right Y level (some buildings need to be raised to the correct Y level).
```

  
  Once the Town Hall block is placed, you will start receiving your initial 4 citizens.
  
### Step 3: Builder
  
  Before anything can be built, you need a [Builder](../../source/workers/builder). The Builder must build their own [Builder's Hut](../../source/buildings/builder) before building any other huts, and they cannot build or upgrade a hut to a higher level than their own hut level.
  
### Step 4: Tavern

>   Your colonists will need a place to sleep, so it is reccomended to build a [Tavern](../../source/buildings/tavern), or else they will complain about their lack of sleep. The tavern also allows visitors to come to your colony.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Your colonists will need a place to sleep and a house, so it is recommended to build a [Tavern](../../source/buildings/tavern) next. The Tavern also allows visitors to come to your colony, and you can recruit them to stay as citizens.
```

### Step 5: Food
  

>   The next major thing you need for your colony is food. The fastest way to get food is to build a [Fisherman's Hut](../../source/buildings/fisherman). You could build a [Farm](../../source/buildings/farm&field) or one of the animal herders, but a Fisherman is faster. Building a [Restaurant](../../source/buildings/restaurant) may also be advisable if you don't want to feed your colonists by hand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The next major thing you need for your colony is food. The fastest way to get food is to build a [Fisherman's Hut](../../source/buildings/fisherman). You could build a [Farm](../../source/buildings/farm&field) or one of the animal herders, but a Fisherman is faster. Building a [Restaurant](../../source/buildings/restaurant) may also be advisable if you don't want to feed your colonists (or cook their food) by hand.
```

<p style="text-align:center;"><img src="../../assets/images/tutorial/achievements.png" alt="Achievements"></p>

> To avoid mistakes and frustation, read through this entire guide carefully before starting to play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid mistakes and frustration, read through this entire guide carefully before starting to play.
```

### Placement of the Supply Ship or Supply Camp 

To place the [Supply Ship](../items/supplycampandship), you need to have a large enough body of water (at least 32 x 20).
To place the [Supply Camp](../items/supplycampandship), you need to have a large enough flat, clear piece of land (at least 16x17 blocks).

> When you place the Supply Ship/Camp, it will spawn a chest that will contain the [Town Hall](../../source/buildings/townhall) block and the [building tool](../../source/items/buildingtool). **Once the Supply Ship/Camp is placed, you can't place another in the world.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you place the Supply Ship/Camp, it will spawn a chest that will contain the [Town Hall](../../source/buildings/townhall) block and the [building tool](../../source/items/buildingtool). **Once the Supply Ship/Camp is placed, you can't place another in this world (but other players can).**
```

</div>
<br />

> **Hint:** If you're not using the building tool and aren't able to place the Supply Camp/Ship, try it block by block: one to the right, left, closer or further from the area you cleared. The area cannot contain any holes or have any flowers, grass, ferns, seaweed, coral etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Hint:** If you're not using the building tool and aren't able to place the Supply Camp/Ship, try it block by block: one to the right, left, closer or further from the area you cleared. The area cannot contain any holes or have any flowers, grass, ferns, seaweed, coral, etc.
```

### Town Hall

>  The protected area of your colony (once the [Town Hall](../../source/buildings/townhall) has been placed) will be a square 8 chunks in radius, measured from where you placed your Town Hall block the first time (Default config). Therefore, plan carefully where you want to place your Town Hall. 128 blocks (8 chunks x 8 chunks) in every direction will be your protected Town area including mountains, hills, lakes, oceans, caves, world generated structures, etc. from bedrock to sky limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The protected area of your colony (once the [Town Hall](../../source/buildings/townhall) has been placed) will be a square 8 chunks in radius, measured from where you placed your Town Hall block the first time (by default). Therefore, plan carefully where you want to place your Town Hall. 128 blocks (8 chunks x 8 chunks) in every direction will be your protected colony area including mountains, hills, lakes, oceans, caves, world generated structures, etc. from bedrock to sky limit.
```

- **Note**: You can configure your own town area radius in the configuration options of the mod or the the minecolonies-common.toml file inside the ```../minecraft/config/``` folder of your own world.

Due to the protected area of each colony, you have to carefully scout your surrounding to make sure you are clear of any other colonies nearby preventing you from placing your Town Hall or limiting your colony area in that direction (in multiplayer, etc.). If there is another colony too close to your current position, you won't be able to place a Town Hall.

> Location info of the next closest colony exits in the debug screen (displayed when you press F3). If there is a colony close to your current position, it will also show you the required distance away to place your Town Hall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Location info of the closest colony exits in the debug screen (displayed when you press F3). If there is a colony close to your current position, it will also show you the required distance away to place your Town Hall.
```

### Step 1

> Get enough materials and craft your Supply Ship/Camp, then place it with the <a href="#build_tool">building tool</a> or by right-clicking a block with it.. There will be a chest inside the placed Ship/Camp with a Town Hall block and a building tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get enough materials and craft your Supply Ship/Camp, then place it with the <a href="#build_tool">building tool</a> or by right-clicking a block with it. There will be a chest (or <a href="../../source/items/rack">rack</a>) inside the placed Ship/Camp with a Town Hall block and a building tool.
```

> - **Hint:** Gather as many materials as possible to give your [Builder](../../source/workers/builder) when they start building. They will ask you for all kinds of materials for each building or upgrade, depending on the style of building you have chosen. The materials needed for most styles will be mainly wood, cobblestone, and torches for the lower levels. Further upgrades will require more elaborate materials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Hint:** Gather as many materials as possible to give to your [Builder](../../source/workers/builder) when they start building. They will ask you for all kinds of materials for each building or upgrade, depending on the style of building you have chosen. The materials needed for most styles will be mainly wood, cobblestone, and torches for the lower levels. Further upgrades will require more elaborate materials.
```

     <li><strong>Citizen Recruitment-</strong>Has no purpose (recruiting has been moved to the [tavern](../../source/buildings/tavern)).<br>
     <li><strong>Recall Citizens-</strong>So you can make <i>ALL</i> citizens (workers or unemployed) teleport to the Town Hall block.</li><br>
     <li><strong>Toggle Specialization-</strong>For future use, has no purpose at the moment.</li><br>

>      <li><strong>Rename Colony-</strong>To change the name of your colony (from "[your username's] Colony", which is the default) to anything you want.</li><br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <li><strong>Rename Colony-</strong>To change the name of your colony (from "[your username]'s Colony", which is the default) to anything you want.</li><br>
```

     <li><strong>Hire Mercenaries-</strong>Here you can hire mercenaries to help defend your colony. Be warned, they're mean and will steal from citizens!</li>
    
   <p><strong>Page 2: </strong>This is for the PVP part of the mod. Here you have:</p>

>     <ul>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
if you took away the </ul> in line 163, you also need to delete this

### Step 3

> Before any other building can be built, you must craft the [Builder's hut](../../source/buildings/builder) block and use your <a href="#build_tool">building tool</a> to place this building. Once you commit to the placement of the Builder's Hut (the green checkmark), the block will be placed and a Builder will be automatically assigned (or you can manually assign one with the best [traits](../../source/systems/worker) for a Builder if you changed this in the setting tab in the Town Hall's GUI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before any other building can be built, you must craft the [Builder's Hut](../../source/buildings/builder) block and use your <a href="#build_tool">building tool</a> to place it. Once you commit to the placement of the Builder's Hut (the green checkmark), the block will be placed and a Builder will be automatically assigned (or you can manually assign one with the best [traits](../../source/systems/worker) for a Builder if you changed this in the setting tab in the Town Hall's GUI).
```
